Add new terms for glossary: RHEL software management (#261)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/n.adoc

*See also*: xref:management-cli[management CLI]

[discrete]
[[natively-compiled-code]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] natively compiled code (noun)

> *Description*: _Natively compiled code_ is code written in a programming language that compiles to machine code with a resulting binary executable file. Such code can be run standalone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Natively compiled code_ is code written in a programming language that compiles to machine code with a resulting runnable binary file. Such code can be run standalone.
```

Author: As per the discussion with SME leaving the original version.

> *Description*: _Natively compiled code_ is code written in a programming language that compiles to machine code with a resulting binary executable file. Such code can be run standalone.

Author: Hi, discussed this with SME, this information is an important part. The natively compiled code can actually be run independently, while, for example, byte-compiled code needs a language virtual machine for execution. -> Keeping the original version.

> *Description*: _Natively compiled code_ is code written in a programming language that compiles to machine code with a resulting binary executable file. Such code can be run stand-alone.

Reviewer 2: Remove hyphen (per our SSG guidance). Though it does kind of sound off at the end of a sentence like that, there might be a better way to state it.

```suggestion
*Description*: _Natively compiled code_ is code written in a programming language that compiles to machine code with a resulting binary executable file. Such code can be run standalone.
```
